Move Account to stable (#90)
status-im/specs: status-account-spec.md

# Status Account Specification

> Version: 0.2
> 
> Status: Stable
>
> Authors: Corey Petty <corey@status.im>, Oskar Thorén <oskar@status.im> (alphabetical order)

## Abstract

> What a Status account is and how trust is established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this specification we explain what Status account is, and how trust is established.
```
